let's go to your voicemails 2192 David P
is our voicemail number let's take a
listen to this
I was a kid are just watching your show
again and they are
I can notice a little friend a
in regards to the Bible it seems like a
at will be you know 3-4 times a week
there some kinda antibiotics or
ok and you know that's all fine and
dandy you know I'm not a Christian up
whatever
are you also mister in the page up to 50
they get in trouble
free speech issue yadda yadda yadda okay
whatever
well anyway I just decided type in Keran
yeah CR okay he's got its nothing but
defending the car and Terry Jones yay
for putting in the jail on a course in
this press conference execution
I'm yes but case goes to jail
senator on their sticker on it so great
that I'm just wondering
what is a major difference between
across the bitwise
liberals I their religious leaders in
the garage yes let's start there
throw the Bible you liberals idea is
always very funny to me
Louis we don't defend the koran I think
that the Koran and the Bible
both are documents which have groups
that have perverted their initial
intention
I'm not a subscriber to any literal
interpretation
%uh any of these I think that the reason
there's more focus on the Bible
in the US is that we have in the US
particularly when you look at
be a most domestic terror is right-wing
non-muslim tear
most the laws that are sought to be
implemented based on religious texts
are based on the Bible not on the koran
we just happened to be in the US so
that's really the dock at the sacred
document
love above most interest when it comes
to perversions of the law
yeah it's just circumstantial if we were
in Afghanistan to be a different story
in your
you know personally I don't think there
should be a Bible occur on or a torah
I anywhere in the world but down while
it it just so happens that in this
country
a lot a Bible talk so that's what we
cover alright to Lewis making very
aggressive statements very very putting
a fine point on at thank you Luis
and maybe we'll talk to Luis more about
this on today's bonus show which we have
to move on to now because we are
out of time join us on the bonus show:
become a David Pakman show member
David Pakman dot com slash membership